Ensure output format for time is changed if worked on (#4768)
GenericMappingTools/gmt: doc/rst/source/gmtmath.rst

On the other hand, if you load the file first and then issue **-C**\ *cols* then the unspecified
columns will have been loaded but are then ignored until you undo the effect of **-C**.

Absolute Time Column(s)
-----------------------

If input data have more than one column and the "time" column (id set via **-N** [0])

> in contains absolute time, then the default output format for any *other* columns containing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contains absolute time, then the default output format for any *other* columns containing
```

absolute time will be reset to relative time.  Likewise, in scalar mode (**-Q**) the
time column will be operated on and hence it also will be formatted as relative
time.  Finally, if **-C** is used to include "time" in the columns operated on then

> we likewise will reset that column's formatting. The user can override this behavior with a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we likewise will reset that column's format to relative time. The user can override this behavior with a
```
